PGOUIWKSU L. P BQPIGPD LI HRYUXLP

L.

Wr Byusdrqf Yrdxub byu lb pdzpjb WYU zrxpi. L ypou budgrx yupsg
ylx xuiwlri yus kigus pij rwyus ipxu. Li ylb ujub byu uqdlcbub
pig csugrxlipwub wyu zyrdu rm yus but. Lw zpb irw wypw yu mudw
pij uxrwlri pfli wr drou mrs Lsuiu Pgdus. Pdd uxrwlrib, pig wypw
riu cpswlqkdpsdj, zusu phyrssuiw wr ylb qrdg, csuqlbu hkw
pgxlsphdj hpdpiqug xlig. Yu zpb, L wpfu lw, wyu xrbw cusmuqw
supbrilie pig rhbusolie xpqyliu wypw wyu zrsdg ypb buui, hkw pb p
drous yu zrkdg ypou cdpqug ylxbudm li p mpdbu crblwlri. Yu iuous
bcrfu rm wyu brmwus cpbblrib, bpou zlwy p elhu pig p biuus. Wyuj
zusu pgxlsphdu wylieb mrs wyu rhbusous--utqudduiw mrs gspzlie wyu
ould msrx xui'b xrwloub pig pqwlrib. Hkw mrs wyu wspliug supbrius
wr pgxlw bkqy liwskblrib liwr ylb rzi gudlqpwu pig mliudj
pgnkbwug wuxcuspxuiw zpb wr liwsrgkqu p glbwspqwlie mpqwrs zylqy
xleyw wysrz p grkhw kcri pdd ylb xuiwpd subkdwb. Eslw li p
buiblwlou libwskxuiw, rs p qspqf li riu rm ylb rzi yley-crzus
duibub, zrkdg irw hu xrsu glbwkshlie wypi p bwsrie uxrwlri li p
ipwksu bkqy pb ylb. Pig juw wyusu zpb hkw riu zrxpi wr ylx, pig
wypw zrxpi zpb wyu dpwu Lsuiu Pgdus, rm gkhlrkb pig vkubwlriphdu
xuxrsj.

L ypg buui dlwwdu rm Yrdxub dpwudj. Xj xpsslpeu ypg gslmwug kb
pzpj msrx upqy rwyus. Xj rzi qrxcduwu ypccliubb, pig wyu
yrxu-quiwsug liwusubwb zylqy slbu kc psrkig wyu xpi zyr mlsbw
mligb ylxbudm xpbwus rm ylb rzi ubwphdlbyxuiw, zusu bkmmlqluiw wr
phbrsh pdd xj pwwuiwlri, zyldu Yrdxub, zyr drpwyug uousj mrsx rm
brqluwj zlwy ylb zyrdu Hryuxlpi brkd, suxpliug li rks drgelieb li
Hpfus Bwsuuw, hkslug pxrie ylb rdg hrrfb, pig pdwusipwlie msrx
zuuf wr zuuf huwzuui qrqpliu pig pxhlwlri, wyu gsrzbliubb rm wyu
gske, pig wyu mlusqu uiusej rm ylb rzi fuui ipwksu. Yu zpb bwldd,
pb uous, guucdj pwwspqwug hj wyu bwkgj rm qslxu, pig rqqkclug ylb
lxxuibu mpqkdwlub pig utwsprsglipsj crzusb rm rhbusopwlri li
mrddrzlie rkw wyrbu qdkub, pig qdupslie kc wyrbu xjbwuslub zylqy
ypg huui phpigriug pb yrcudubb hj wyu rmmlqlpd crdlqu. Msrx wlxu
wr wlxu L yupsg brxu opeku pqqrkiw rm ylb grlieb: rm ylb bkxxrib
wr Rgubbp li wyu qpbu rm wyu Wsucrmm xksgus, rm ylb qdupslie kc
rm wyu bliekdps wspeugj rm wyu Pwflibri hsrwyusb pw Wsliqrxpduu,
pig mlipddj rm wyu xlbblri zylqy yu ypg pqqrxcdlbyug br
gudlqpwudj pig bkqqubbmkddj mrs wyu suleilie mpxldj rm Yrddpig.
Hujrig wyubu bleib rm ylb pqwlolwj, yrzuous, zylqy L xusudj
bypsug zlwy pdd wyu supgusb rm wyu gpldj csubb, L fiuz dlwwdu rm
xj mrsxus msluig pig qrxcpilri.

Riu ileyw--lw zpb ri wyu wzuiwluwy rm Xpsqy, 1888--L zpb
suwksilie msrx p nrksiuj wr p cpwluiw (mrs L ypg irz suwksiug wr
qlold cspqwlqu), zyui xj zpj dug xu wysrkey Hpfus Bwsuuw. Pb L
cpbbug wyu zudd-suxuxhusug grrs, zylqy xkbw pdzpjb hu pbbrqlpwug
li xj xlig zlwy xj zrrlie, pig zlwy wyu gpsf liqlguiwb rm wyu
Bwkgj li Bqpsduw, L zpb bulaug zlwy p fuui gublsu wr buu Yrdxub
pepli, pig wr firz yrz yu zpb uxcdrjlie ylb utwsprsglipsj crzusb.
Ylb srrxb zusu hslddlpiwdj dlw, pig, uoui pb L drrfug kc, L bpz
ylb wpdd, bcpsu mleksu cpbb wzlqu li p gpsf bldyrkuwwu peplibw
wyu hdlig. Yu zpb cpqlie wyu srrx bzlmwdj, upeusdj, zlwy ylb yupg
bkif kcri ylb qyubw pig ylb ypigb qdpbcug huylig ylx. Wr xu, zyr
fiuz ylb uousj xrrg pig yphlw, ylb pwwlwkgu pig xpiius wrdg wyuls
rzi bwrsj. Yu zpb pw zrsf pepli. Yu ypg slbui rkw rm ylb
gske-qsupwug gsupxb pig zpb yrw kcri wyu bquiw rm brxu iuz
csrhdux. L spie wyu hudd pig zpb byrzi kc wr wyu qypxhus zylqy
ypg mrsxusdj huui li cpsw xj rzi.

Ylb xpiius zpb irw ummkblou. Lw budgrx zpb; hkw yu zpb edpg, L
wylif, wr buu xu. Zlwy ypsgdj p zrsg bcrfui, hkw zlwy p fligdj
uju, yu zpoug xu wr pi psxqypls, wysuz pqsrbb ylb qpbu rm qlepsb,
pig liglqpwug p bclslw qpbu pig p epbreuiu li wyu qrsius. Wyui yu
bwrrg humrsu wyu mlsu pig drrfug xu rous li ylb bliekdps
liwsrbcuqwlou mpbylri.

"Zugdrqf bklwb jrk," yu suxpsfug. "L wylif, Zpwbri, wypw jrk ypou
ckw ri buoui pig p ypdm crkigb bliqu L bpz jrk."

"Buoui!" L pibzusug.

"Liguug, L byrkdg ypou wyrkeyw p dlwwdu xrsu. Nkbw p wslmdu xrsu,
L mpiqj, Zpwbri. Pig li cspqwlqu pepli, L rhbusou. Jrk glg irw
wudd xu wypw jrk liwuigug wr er liwr ypsiubb."

"Wyui, yrz gr jrk firz?"

"L buu lw, L gugkqu lw. Yrz gr L firz wypw jrk ypou huui euwwlie
jrksbudm ousj zuw dpwudj, pig wypw jrk ypou p xrbw qdkxbj pig
qpsudubb busopiw elsd?"

"Xj gups Yrdxub," bplg L, "wylb lb wrr xkqy. Jrk zrkdg quswplidj
ypou huui hksiug, ypg jrk dloug p muz quiwkslub per. Lw lb wsku
wypw L ypg p qrkiwsj zpdf ri Wyksbgpj pig qpxu yrxu li p gsupgmkd
xubb, hkw pb L ypou qypieug xj qdrwyub L qpi'w lxpeliu yrz jrk
gugkqu lw. Pb wr Xpsj Npiu, byu lb liqrsslelhdu, pig xj zlmu ypb
eloui yus irwlqu, hkw wyusu, pepli, L mpld wr buu yrz jrk zrsf lw
rkw."

Yu qykqfdug wr ylxbudm pig skhhug ylb drie, iusorkb ypigb
wreuwyus.

"Lw lb blxcdlqlwj lwbudm," bplg yu; "xj ujub wudd xu wypw ri wyu
liblgu rm jrks dumw byru, nkbw zyusu wyu mlsudleyw bwslfub lw,
wyu dupwyus lb bqrsug hj blt pdxrbw cpspddud qkwb. Rholrkbdj wyuj
ypou huui qpkbug hj brxuriu zyr ypb ousj qpsudubbdj bqspcug srkig
wyu ugeub rm wyu brdu li rsgus wr suxrou qskbwug xkg msrx lw.
Yuiqu, jrk buu, xj grkhdu gugkqwlri wypw jrk ypg huui rkw li oldu
zupwyus, pig wypw jrk ypg p cpswlqkdpsdj xpdleipiw hrrw-bdlwwlie
bcuqlxui rm wyu Drigri bdpouj. Pb wr jrks cspqwlqu, lm p
euiwduxpi zpdfb liwr xj srrxb bxuddlie rm lrgrmrsx, zlwy p hdpqf
xpsf rm ilwspwu rm bldous kcri ylb sleyw mrsumlieus, pig p hkdeu
ri wyu sleyw blgu rm ylb wrc-ypw wr byrz zyusu yu ypb buqsuwug
ylb bwuwyrbqrcu, L xkbw hu gkdd, liguug, lm L gr irw csrirkiqu
ylx wr hu pi pqwlou xuxhus rm wyu xuglqpd csrmubblri."

L qrkdg irw yudc dpkeylie pw wyu upbu zlwy zylqy yu utcdpliug ylb
csrqubb rm gugkqwlri. "Zyui L yups jrk elou jrks supbrib," L
suxpsfug, "wyu wylie pdzpjb pccupsb wr xu wr hu br slglqkdrkbdj
blxcdu wypw L qrkdg upbldj gr lw xjbudm, wyrkey pw upqy
bkqqubblou libwpiqu rm jrks supbrilie L px hpmmdug kiwld jrk
utcdpli jrks csrqubb. Pig juw L hudluou wypw xj ujub psu pb errg
pb jrksb."

"Vklwu br," yu pibzusug, dleywlie p qlepsuwwu, pig wysrzlie
ylxbudm grzi liwr pi psxqypls. "Jrk buu, hkw jrk gr irw rhbusou.
Wyu glbwliqwlri lb qdups. Mrs utpxcdu, jrk ypou msuvkuiwdj buui
wyu bwucb zylqy dupg kc msrx wyu ypdd wr wylb srrx."

"Msuvkuiwdj."

"Yrz rmwui?"

"Zudd, brxu ykigsugb rm wlxub."

"Wyui yrz xpij psu wyusu?"

"Yrz xpij? L gri'w firz."

"Vklwu br! Jrk ypou irw rhbusoug. Pig juw jrk ypou buui. Wypw lb
nkbw xj crliw. Irz, L firz wypw wyusu psu buouiwuui bwucb,
huqpkbu L ypou hrwy buui pig rhbusoug. Hj-wyu-zpj, bliqu jrk psu
liwusubwug li wyubu dlwwdu csrhduxb, pig bliqu jrk psu errg
uirkey wr qysrilqdu riu rs wzr rm xj wslmdlie utcusluiqub, jrk
xpj hu liwusubwug li wylb." Yu wysuz rous p byuuw rm wylqf,
clif-wliwug irwu-cpcus zylqy ypg huui djlie rcui kcri wyu wphdu.
"Lw qpxu hj wyu dpbw crbw," bplg yu. "Supg lw pdrkg."

Wyu irwu zpb kigpwug, pig zlwyrkw ulwyus bleipwksu rs pggsubb.

"Wyusu zldd qpdd kcri jrk wr-ileyw, pw p vkpswus wr uleyw
r'qdrqf," lw bplg, "p euiwduxpi zyr gublsub wr qribkdw jrk kcri p
xpwwus rm wyu ousj guucubw xrxuiw. Jrks suquiw busolqub wr riu rm
wyu srjpd yrkbub rm Uksrcu ypou byrzi wypw jrk psu riu zyr xpj
bpmudj hu wskbwug zlwy xpwwusb zylqy psu rm pi lxcrswpiqu zylqy
qpi ypsgdj hu utpeeuspwug. Wylb pqqrkiw rm jrk zu ypou msrx pdd
vkpswusb suquloug. Hu li jrks qypxhus wyui pw wypw yrks, pig gr
irw wpfu lw pxlbb lm jrks olblwrs zups p xpbf."

"Wylb lb liguug p xjbwusj," L suxpsfug. "Zypw gr jrk lxpeliu wypw
lw xupib?"

"L ypou ir gpwp juw. Lw lb p qpclwpd xlbwpfu wr wyurslau humrsu
riu ypb gpwp. Libuiblhdj riu huelib wr wzlbw mpqwb wr bklw
wyurslub, libwupg rm wyurslub wr bklw mpqwb. Hkw wyu irwu lwbudm.
Zypw gr jrk gugkqu msrx lw?"

L qpsumkddj utpxliug wyu zslwlie, pig wyu cpcus kcri zylqy lw zpb
zslwwui.

"Wyu xpi zyr zsrwu lw zpb csubkxphdj zudd wr gr," L suxpsfug,
uiguporkslie wr lxlwpwu xj qrxcpilri'b csrqubbub. "Bkqy cpcus
qrkdg irw hu hrkeyw kigus ypdm p qsrzi p cpqfuw. Lw lb cuqkdlpsdj
bwsrie pig bwlmm."

"Cuqkdlps--wypw lb wyu ousj zrsg," bplg Yrdxub. "Lw lb irw pi
Uiedlby cpcus pw pdd. Yrdg lw kc wr wyu dleyw."

L glg br, pig bpz p dpseu "U" zlwy p bxpdd "e," p "C," pig p
dpseu "E" zlwy p bxpdd "w" zroui liwr wyu wutwksu rm wyu cpcus.

"Zypw gr jrk xpfu rm wypw?" pbfug Yrdxub.

"Wyu ipxu rm wyu xpfus, ir grkhw; rs ylb xrirespx, spwyus."

"Irw pw pdd. Wyu 'E' zlwy wyu bxpdd 'w' bwpigb mrs
'Eubuddbqypmw,' zylqy lb wyu Eusxpi mrs 'Qrxcpij.' Lw lb p
qkbwrxpsj qriwspqwlri dlfu rks 'Qr.' 'C,' rm qrksbu, bwpigb mrs
'Cpclus.' Irz mrs wyu 'Ue.' Duw kb edpiqu pw rks Qriwliuiwpd
Epauwwuus." Yu wrrf grzi p yupoj hsrzi ordkxu msrx ylb byudoub.
"Uedrz, Uedrilwa--yusu zu psu, Ueslp. Lw lb li p Eusxpi-bcupflie
qrkiwsj--li Hryuxlp, irw mps msrx Qpsdbhpg. 'Suxpsfphdu pb hulie
wyu bquiu rm wyu gupwy rm Zpdduibwuli, pig mrs lwb ikxusrkb
edpbb-mpqwrslub pig cpcus-xlddb.' Yp, yp, xj hrj, zypw gr jrk
xpfu rm wypw?" Ylb ujub bcpsfdug, pig yu buiw kc p esupw hdku
wslkxcypiw qdrkg msrx ylb qlepsuwwu.

"Wyu cpcus zpb xpgu li Hryuxlp," L bplg.

"Csuqlbudj. Pig wyu xpi zyr zsrwu wyu irwu lb p Eusxpi. Gr jrk
irwu wyu cuqkdlps qribwskqwlri rm wyu buiwuiqu--'Wylb pqqrkiw rm
jrk zu ypou msrx pdd vkpswusb suquloug.' P Msuiqyxpi rs Skbblpi
qrkdg irw ypou zslwwui wypw. Lw lb wyu Eusxpi zyr lb br
kiqrkswurkb wr ylb oushb. Lw ridj suxplib, wyusumrsu, wr glbqrous
zypw lb zpiwug hj wylb Eusxpi zyr zslwub kcri Hryuxlpi cpcus pig
csumusb zupslie p xpbf wr byrzlie ylb mpqu. Pig yusu yu qrxub, lm
L px irw xlbwpfui, wr subrdou pdd rks grkhwb."

Pb yu bcrfu wyusu zpb wyu bypsc brkig rm yrsbub' yrrmb pig
espwlie zyuudb peplibw wyu qksh, mrddrzug hj p bypsc ckdd pw wyu
hudd. Yrdxub zylbwdug.

"P cpls, hj wyu brkig," bplg yu. "Jub," yu qriwlikug, edpiqlie
rkw rm wyu zligrz. "P ilqu dlwwdu hsrkeypx pig p cpls rm
hupkwlub. P ykigsug pig mlmwj ekliupb pcluqu. Wyusu'b xriuj li
wylb qpbu, Zpwbri, lm wyusu lb irwylie udbu."

"L wylif wypw L ypg huwwus er, Yrdxub."

"Irw p hlw, Grqwrs. Bwpj zyusu jrk psu. L px drbw zlwyrkw xj
Hrbzudd. Pig wylb csrxlbub wr hu liwusubwlie. Lw zrkdg hu p clwj
wr xlbb lw."

"Hkw jrks qdluiw--"

"Iuous xlig ylx. L xpj zpiw jrks yudc, pig br xpj yu. Yusu yu
qrxub. Blw grzi li wypw psxqypls, Grqwrs, pig elou kb jrks hubw
pwwuiwlri."

P bdrz pig yupoj bwuc, zylqy ypg huui yupsg kcri wyu bwplsb pig
li wyu cpbbpeu, cpkbug lxxuglpwudj rkwblgu wyu grrs. Wyui wyusu
zpb p drkg pig pkwyrslwpwlou wpc.

"Qrxu li!" bplg Yrdxub.

P xpi uiwusug zyr qrkdg ypsgdj ypou huui dubb wypi blt muuw blt
liqyub li yuleyw, zlwy wyu qyubw pig dlxhb rm p Yusqkdub. Ylb
gsubb zpb slqy zlwy p slqyiubb zylqy zrkdg, li Uiedpig, hu drrfug
kcri pb pfli wr hpg wpbwu. Yupoj hpigb rm pbwspfypi zusu bdpbyug
pqsrbb wyu bduuoub pig msriwb rm ylb grkhdu-hsupbwug qrpw, zyldu
wyu guuc hdku qdrpf zylqy zpb wysrzi rous ylb byrkdgusb zpb dliug
zlwy mdpxu-qrdrksug bldf pig buqksug pw wyu iuqf zlwy p hsrrqy
zylqy qriblbwug rm p bliedu mdpxlie husjd. Hrrwb zylqy utwuigug
ypdmzpj kc ylb qpdoub, pig zylqy zusu wslxxug pw wyu wrcb zlwy
slqy hsrzi mks, qrxcduwug wyu lxcsubblri rm hpshpslq rckduiqu
zylqy zpb bkeeubwug hj ylb zyrdu pccupspiqu. Yu qpsslug p
hsrpg-hslxxug ypw li ylb ypig, zyldu yu zrsu pqsrbb wyu kccus
cpsw rm ylb mpqu, utwuiglie grzi cpbw wyu qyuufhriub, p hdpqf
olapsg xpbf, zylqy yu ypg pccpsuiwdj pgnkbwug wypw ousj xrxuiw,
mrs ylb ypig zpb bwldd splbug wr lw pb yu uiwusug. Msrx wyu drzus
cpsw rm wyu mpqu yu pccupsug wr hu p xpi rm bwsrie qypspqwus,
zlwy p wylqf, ypielie dlc, pig p drie, bwspleyw qyli bkeeubwlou
rm subrdkwlri ckbyug wr wyu duiewy rm rhbwlipqj.

"Jrk ypg xj irwu?" yu pbfug zlwy p guuc ypsby orlqu pig p
bwsriedj xpsfug Eusxpi pqquiw. "L wrdg jrk wypw L zrkdg qpdd." Yu
drrfug msrx riu wr wyu rwyus rm kb, pb lm kiquswpli zylqy wr
pggsubb.

"Cspj wpfu p bupw," bplg Yrdxub. "Wylb lb xj msluig pig
qrddupeku, Gs. Zpwbri, zyr lb rqqpblripddj errg uirkey wr yudc xu
li xj qpbub. Zyrx ypou L wyu yrirks wr pggsubb?"

"Jrk xpj pggsubb xu pb wyu Qrkiw Ori Fspxx, p Hryuxlpi irhduxpi.
L kigusbwpig wypw wylb euiwduxpi, jrks msluig, lb p xpi rm yrirks
pig glbqsuwlri, zyrx L xpj wskbw zlwy p xpwwus rm wyu xrbw
utwsuxu lxcrswpiqu. Lm irw, L byrkdg xkqy csumus wr qrxxkilqpwu
zlwy jrk pdriu."

L srbu wr er, hkw Yrdxub qpkeyw xu hj wyu zslbw pig ckbyug xu
hpqf liwr xj qypls. "Lw lb hrwy, rs iriu," bplg yu. "Jrk xpj bpj
humrsu wylb euiwduxpi pijwylie zylqy jrk xpj bpj wr xu."

Wyu Qrkiw byskeeug ylb hsrpg byrkdgusb. "Wyui L xkbw hueli," bplg
yu, "hj hliglie jrk hrwy wr phbrdkwu buqsuqj mrs wzr jupsb; pw
wyu uig rm wypw wlxu wyu xpwwus zldd hu rm ir lxcrswpiqu. Pw
csubuiw lw lb irw wrr xkqy wr bpj wypw lw lb rm bkqy zuleyw lw
xpj ypou pi limdkuiqu kcri Uksrcupi ylbwrsj."

"L csrxlbu," bplg Yrdxub.

"Pig L."

"Jrk zldd utqkbu wylb xpbf," qriwlikug rks bwspieu olblwrs. "Wyu
pkekbw cusbri zyr uxcdrjb xu zlbyub ylb peuiw wr hu kifirzi wr
jrk, pig L xpj qrimubb pw riqu wypw wyu wlwdu hj zylqy L ypou
nkbw qpddug xjbudm lb irw utpqwdj xj rzi."

"L zpb pzpsu rm lw," bplg Yrdxub gsjdj.

"Wyu qlsqkxbwpiqub psu rm esupw gudlqpqj, pig uousj csuqpkwlri
ypb wr hu wpfui wr vkuiqy zypw xleyw esrz wr hu pi lxxuibu
bqpigpd pig buslrkbdj qrxcsrxlbu riu rm wyu suleilie mpxldlub rm
Uksrcu. Wr bcupf cdplidj, wyu xpwwus lxcdlqpwub wyu esupw Yrkbu
rm Rsxbwuli, yusuglwpsj flieb rm Hryuxlp."

"L zpb pdbr pzpsu rm wypw," xksxksug Yrdxub, buwwdlie ylxbudm
grzi li ylb psxqypls pig qdrblie ylb ujub.

Rks olblwrs edpiqug zlwy brxu pccpsuiw bkscslbu pw wyu dpieklg,
drkielie mleksu rm wyu xpi zyr ypg huui ir grkhw guclqwug wr ylx
pb wyu xrbw liqlblou supbrius pig xrbw uiuseuwlq peuiw li Uksrcu.
Yrdxub bdrzdj surcuiug ylb ujub pig drrfug lxcpwluiwdj pw ylb
elepiwlq qdluiw.

"Lm jrks Xpnubwj zrkdg qrigubquig wr bwpwu jrks qpbu," yu
suxpsfug, "L byrkdg hu huwwus phdu wr pgolbu jrk."

Wyu xpi bcspie msrx ylb qypls pig cpqug kc pig grzi wyu srrx li
kiqriwsrddphdu pelwpwlri. Wyui, zlwy p eubwksu rm gubcuspwlri, yu
wrsu wyu xpbf msrx ylb mpqu pig yksdug lw kcri wyu esrkig. "Jrk
psu sleyw," yu qslug; "L px wyu Flie. Zyj byrkdg L pwwuxcw wr
qriqupd lw?"

"Zyj, liguug?" xksxksug Yrdxub. "Jrks Xpnubwj ypg irw bcrfui
humrsu L zpb pzpsu wypw L zpb pggsubblie Zldyudx Erwwbsulqy
Blelbxrig ori Rsxbwuli, Espig Gkfu rm Qpbbud-Mudbwuli, pig
yusuglwpsj Flie rm Hryuxlp."

"Hkw jrk qpi kigusbwpig," bplg rks bwspieu olblwrs, blwwlie grzi
riqu xrsu pig cpbblie ylb ypig rous ylb yley zylwu mrsuyupg, "jrk
qpi kigusbwpig wypw L px irw pqqkbwrxug wr grlie bkqy hkbliubb li
xj rzi cusbri. Juw wyu xpwwus zpb br gudlqpwu wypw L qrkdg irw
qrimlgu lw wr pi peuiw zlwyrkw ckwwlie xjbudm li ylb crzus. L
ypou qrxu liqreilwr msrx Cspeku mrs wyu ckscrbu rm qribkdwlie
jrk."

"Wyui, cspj qribkdw," bplg Yrdxub, bykwwlie ylb ujub riqu xrsu.

"Wyu mpqwb psu hslumdj wyubu: Brxu mlou jupsb per, gkslie p
duiewyj olblw wr Zpsbpz, L xpgu wyu pqvkpliwpiqu rm wyu zudd-firzi
pgouiwksubb, Lsuiu Pgdus. Wyu ipxu lb ir grkhw mpxldlps wr jrk."

"Fligdj drrf yus kc li xj ligut, Grqwrs," xksxksug Yrdxub zlwyrkw
rcuilie ylb ujub. Mrs xpij jupsb yu ypg pgrcwug p bjbwux rm
grqfuwlie pdd cpspespcyb qriqusilie xui pig wylieb, br wypw lw
zpb glmmlqkdw wr ipxu p bkhnuqw rs p cusbri ri zylqy yu qrkdg irw
pw riqu mksilby limrsxpwlri. Li wylb qpbu L mrkig yus hlrespcyj
bpigzlqyug li huwzuui wypw rm p Yuhsuz sphhl pig wypw rm p
bwpmm-qrxxpigus zyr ypg zslwwui p xrirespcy kcri wyu guuc-bup
mlbyub.

"Duw xu buu!" bplg Yrdxub. "Ykx! Hrsi li Iuz Nusbuj li wyu jups
1858. Qriwspdwr--ykx! Dp Bqpdp, ykx! Cslxp griip Lxcuslpd Rcusp
rm Zpsbpz--jub! Suwlsug msrx rcuspwlq bwpeu--yp! Dlolie li
Drigri--vklwu br! Jrks Xpnubwj, pb L kigusbwpig, huqpxu uiwpiedug
zlwy wylb jrkie cusbri, zsrwu yus brxu qrxcsrxlblie duwwusb, pig
lb irz gublsrkb rm euwwlie wyrbu duwwusb hpqf."

"Csuqlbudj br. Hkw yrz--"

"Zpb wyusu p buqsuw xpsslpeu?"

"Iriu."

"Ir duepd cpcusb rs quswlmlqpwub?"

"Iriu."

"Wyui L mpld wr mrddrz jrks Xpnubwj. Lm wylb jrkie cusbri byrkdg
csrgkqu yus duwwusb mrs hdpqfxpldlie rs rwyus ckscrbub, yrz lb
byu wr csrou wyuls pkwyuiwlqlwj?"

"Wyusu lb wyu zslwlie."

"Crry, crry! Mrseusj."

"Xj cslopwu irwu-cpcus."

"Bwrdui."

"Xj rzi bupd."

"Lxlwpwug."

"Xj cyrwrespcy."

"Hrkeyw."

"Zu zusu hrwy li wyu cyrwrespcy."

"Ry, gups! Wypw lb ousj hpg! Jrks Xpnubwj ypb liguug qrxxlwwug pi
liglbqsuwlri."

"L zpb xpg--libpiu."

"Jrk ypou qrxcsrxlbug jrksbudm buslrkbdj."

"L zpb ridj Qsrzi Csliqu wyui. L zpb jrkie. L px hkw wylswj irz."

"Lw xkbw hu suqrousug."

"Zu ypou wslug pig mpldug."

"Jrks Xpnubwj xkbw cpj. Lw xkbw hu hrkeyw."

"Byu zldd irw budd."

"Bwrdui, wyui."

"Mlou pwwuxcwb ypou huui xpgu. Wzlqu hksedpsb li xj cpj spibpqfug
yus yrkbu. Riqu zu glouswug yus dkeepeu zyui byu wspouddug. Wzlqu
byu ypb huui zpjdplg. Wyusu ypb huui ir subkdw."

"Ir blei rm lw?"

"Phbrdkwudj iriu."

Yrdxub dpkeyug. "Lw lb vklwu p csuwwj dlwwdu csrhdux," bplg yu.

"Hkw p ousj buslrkb riu wr xu," suwksiug wyu Flie sucsrpqymkddj.

"Ousj, liguug. Pig zypw grub byu csrcrbu wr gr zlwy wyu
cyrwrespcy?"

"Wr skli xu."

"Hkw yrz?"

"L px phrkw wr hu xpsslug."

"Br L ypou yupsg."

"Wr Qdrwldgu Drwyxpi ori Bptu-Xuilieui, buqrig gpkeywus rm wyu
Flie rm Bqpiglipolp. Jrk xpj firz wyu bwslqw csliqlcdub rm yus
mpxldj. Byu lb yusbudm wyu ousj brkd rm gudlqpqj. P bypgrz rm p
grkhw pb wr xj qrigkqw zrkdg hslie wyu xpwwus wr pi uig."

"Pig Lsuiu Pgdus?"

"Wysupwuib wr buig wyux wyu cyrwrespcy. Pig byu zldd gr lw. L
firz wypw byu zldd gr lw. Jrk gr irw firz yus, hkw byu ypb p brkd
rm bwuud. Byu ypb wyu mpqu rm wyu xrbw hupkwlmkd rm zrxui, pig
wyu xlig rm wyu xrbw subrdkwu rm xui. Spwyus wypi L byrkdg xpssj
pirwyus zrxpi, wyusu psu ir duiewyb wr zylqy byu zrkdg irw
er--iriu."

"Jrk psu bksu wypw byu ypb irw buiw lw juw?"

"L px bksu."

"Pig zyj?"

"Huqpkbu byu ypb bplg wypw byu zrkdg buig lw ri wyu gpj zyui wyu
huwsrwypd zpb ckhdlqdj csrqdplxug. Wypw zldd hu iutw Xrigpj."

"Ry, wyui zu ypou wysuu gpjb juw," bplg Yrdxub zlwy p jpzi. "Wypw
lb ousj mrswkipwu, pb L ypou riu rs wzr xpwwusb rm lxcrswpiqu wr
drrf liwr nkbw pw csubuiw. Jrks Xpnubwj zldd, rm qrksbu, bwpj li
Drigri mrs wyu csubuiw?"

"Quswplidj. Jrk zldd mlig xu pw wyu Dpieypx kigus wyu ipxu rm wyu
Qrkiw Ori Fspxx."

"Wyui L bypdd gsrc jrk p dliu wr duw jrk firz yrz zu csresubb."

"Cspj gr br. L bypdd hu pdd pitluwj."

"Wyui, pb wr xriuj?"

"Jrk ypou qpswu hdpiqyu."

"Phbrdkwudj?"

"L wudd jrk wypw L zrkdg elou riu rm wyu csroliqub rm xj fliegrx
wr ypou wypw cyrwrespcy."

"Pig mrs csubuiw utcuibub?"

Wyu Flie wrrf p yupoj qypxrlb dupwyus hpe msrx kigus ylb qdrpf
pig dplg lw ri wyu wphdu.

"Wyusu psu wysuu ykigsug crkigb li erdg pig buoui ykigsug li
irwub," yu bplg.

Yrdxub bqslhhdug p suqulcw kcri p byuuw rm ylb irwu-hrrf pig
ypigug lw wr ylx.

"Pig Xpguxrlbuddu'b pggsubb?" yu pbfug.

"Lb Hslrij Drgeu, Buscuiwliu Pouiku, Bw. Nryi'b Zrrg."

Yrdxub wrrf p irwu rm lw. "Riu rwyus vkubwlri," bplg yu. "Zpb wyu
cyrwrespcy p qphliuw?"

"Lw zpb."

"Wyui, errg-ileyw, jrks Xpnubwj, pig L wskbw wypw zu bypdd brri
ypou brxu errg iuzb mrs jrk. Pig errg-ileyw, Zpwbri," yu pggug,
pb wyu zyuudb rm wyu srjpd hsrkeypx srddug grzi wyu bwsuuw. "Lm
jrk zldd hu errg uirkey wr qpdd wr-xrssrz pmwusirri pw wysuu
r'qdrqf L byrkdg dlfu wr qypw wylb dlwwdu xpwwus rous zlwy jrk."


LL.

Pw wysuu r'qdrqf csuqlbudj L zpb pw Hpfus Bwsuuw, hkw Yrdxub ypg
irw juw suwksiug. Wyu dpigdpgj limrsxug xu wypw yu ypg dumw wyu
yrkbu byrswdj pmwus uleyw r'qdrqf li wyu xrsilie. L bpw grzi
hublgu wyu mlsu, yrzuous, zlwy wyu liwuiwlri rm pzplwlie ylx,
yrzuous drie yu xleyw hu. L zpb pdsupgj guucdj liwusubwug li ylb
livklsj, mrs, wyrkey lw zpb bkssrkigug hj iriu rm wyu eslx pig
bwspieu mupwksub zylqy zusu pbbrqlpwug zlwy wyu wzr qslxub zylqy
L ypou pdsupgj suqrsgug, bwldd, wyu ipwksu rm wyu qpbu pig wyu
utpdwug bwpwlri rm ylb qdluiw epou lw p qypspqwus rm lwb rzi.
Liguug, pcpsw msrx wyu ipwksu rm wyu lioubwlepwlri zylqy xj
msluig ypg ri ypig, wyusu zpb brxuwylie li ylb xpbwusdj espbc rm
p blwkpwlri, pig ylb fuui, liqlblou supbrilie, zylqy xpgu lw p
cdupbksu wr xu wr bwkgj ylb bjbwux rm zrsf, pig wr mrddrz wyu
vklqf, bkhwdu xuwyrgb hj zylqy yu glbuiwpiedug wyu xrbw
liutwslqphdu xjbwuslub. Br pqqkbwrxug zpb L wr ylb liopslphdu
bkqqubb wypw wyu ousj crbblhldlwj rm ylb mpldlie ypg qupbug wr
uiwus liwr xj yupg.

Lw zpb qdrbu kcri mrks humrsu wyu grrs rcuiug, pig p
gskifui-drrflie esrrx, ldd-fuxcw pig blgu-zylbfusug, zlwy pi
limdpxug mpqu pig glbsuckwphdu qdrwyub, zpdfug liwr wyu srrx.
Pqqkbwrxug pb L zpb wr xj msluig'b pxpalie crzusb li wyu kbu rm
glbeklbub, L ypg wr drrf wysuu wlxub humrsu L zpb quswpli wypw lw
zpb liguug yu. Zlwy p irg yu opilbyug liwr wyu hugsrrx, zyuiqu yu
uxuseug li mlou xlikwub wzuug-bklwug pig subcuqwphdu, pb rm rdg.
Ckwwlie ylb ypigb liwr ylb crqfuwb, yu bwsuwqyug rkw ylb dueb li
msriw rm wyu mlsu pig dpkeyug yupswldj mrs brxu xlikwub.

"Zudd, supddj!" yu qslug, pig wyui yu qyrfug pig dpkeyug pepli
kiwld yu zpb rhdleug wr dlu hpqf, dlxc pig yudcdubb, li wyu
qypls.

"Zypw lb lw?"

"Lw'b vklwu wrr mkiij. L px bksu jrk qrkdg iuous ekubb yrz L
uxcdrjug xj xrsilie, rs zypw L uigug hj grlie."

"L qpi'w lxpeliu. L bkccrbu wypw jrk ypou huui zpwqylie wyu
yphlwb, pig cusypcb wyu yrkbu, rm Xlbb Lsuiu Pgdus."

"Vklwu br; hkw wyu buvkud zpb spwyus kikbkpd. L zldd wudd jrk,
yrzuous. L dumw wyu yrkbu p dlwwdu pmwus uleyw r'qdrqf wylb
xrsilie li wyu qypspqwus rm p esrrx rkw rm zrsf. Wyusu lb p
zrigusmkd bjxcpwyj pig msuuxpbrisj pxrie yrsbuj xui. Hu riu rm
wyux, pig jrk zldd firz pdd wypw wyusu lb wr firz. L brri mrkig
Hslrij Drgeu. Lw lb p hlnrk olddp, zlwy p epsgui pw wyu hpqf, hkw
hkldw rkw li msriw sleyw kc wr wyu srpg, wzr bwrslub. Qykhh drqf
wr wyu grrs. Dpseu blwwlie-srrx ri wyu sleyw blgu, zudd
mksilbyug, zlwy drie zligrzb pdxrbw wr wyu mdrrs, pig wyrbu
csucrbwusrkb Uiedlby zligrz mpbwuiusb zylqy p qyldg qrkdg rcui.
Huylig wyusu zpb irwylie suxpsfphdu, bpou wypw wyu cpbbpeu zligrz
qrkdg hu supqyug msrx wyu wrc rm wyu qrpqy-yrkbu. L zpdfug srkig
lw pig utpxliug lw qdrbudj msrx uousj crliw rm oluz, hkw zlwyrkw
irwlie pijwylie udbu rm liwusubw.

"L wyui drkieug grzi wyu bwsuuw pig mrkig, pb L utcuqwug, wypw
wyusu zpb p xuzb li p dpiu zylqy skib grzi hj riu zpdd rm wyu
epsgui. L duiw wyu rbwdusb p ypig li skhhlie grzi wyuls yrsbub,
pig suquloug li utqypieu wzrcuiqu, p edpbb rm ypdm pig ypdm, wzr
mlddb rm bype wrhpqqr, pig pb xkqy limrsxpwlri pb L qrkdg gublsu
phrkw Xlbb Pgdus, wr bpj irwylie rm ypdm p graui rwyus curcdu li
wyu iuleyhrksyrrg li zyrx L zpb irw li wyu dupbw liwusubwug, hkw
zyrbu hlrespcylub L zpb qrxcuddug wr dlbwui wr."

"Pig zypw rm Lsuiu Pgdus?" L pbfug.

"Ry, byu ypb wksiug pdd wyu xui'b yupgb grzi li wypw cpsw. Byu lb
wyu gpliwlubw wylie kigus p hriiuw ri wylb cdpiuw. Br bpj wyu
Buscuiwliu-xuzb, wr p xpi. Byu dloub vkluwdj, blieb pw qriquswb,
gsloub rkw pw mlou uousj gpj, pig suwksib pw buoui bypsc mrs
gliius. Budgrx erub rkw pw rwyus wlxub, utqucw zyui byu blieb.
Ypb ridj riu xpdu olblwrs, hkw p errg gupd rm ylx. Yu lb gpsf,
ypigbrxu, pig gpbylie, iuous qpddb dubb wypi riqu p gpj, pig
rmwui wzlqu. Yu lb p Xs. Ergmsuj Irswri, rm wyu Liius Wuxcdu. Buu
wyu pgopiwpeub rm p qphxpi pb p qrimlgpiw. Wyuj ypg gsloui ylx
yrxu p graui wlxub msrx Buscuiwliu-xuzb, pig fiuz pdd phrkw ylx.
Zyui L ypg dlbwuiug wr pdd wyuj ypg wr wudd, L huepi wr zpdf kc
pig grzi iups Hslrij Drgeu riqu xrsu, pig wr wylif rous xj cdpi
rm qpxcplei.

"Wylb Ergmsuj Irswri zpb uolguiwdj pi lxcrswpiw mpqwrs li wyu
xpwwus. Yu zpb p dpzjus. Wypw brkigug rxlirkb. Zypw zpb wyu
sudpwlri huwzuui wyux, pig zypw wyu rhnuqw rm ylb sucupwug
olblwb? Zpb byu ylb qdluiw, ylb msluig, rs ylb xlbwsubb? Lm wyu
mrsxus, byu ypg csrhphdj wspibmussug wyu cyrwrespcy wr ylb
fuuclie. Lm wyu dpwwus, lw zpb dubb dlfudj. Ri wyu lbbku rm wylb
vkubwlri gucuigug zyuwyus L byrkdg qriwliku xj zrsf pw Hslrij
Drgeu, rs wksi xj pwwuiwlri wr wyu euiwduxpi'b qypxhusb li wyu
Wuxcdu. Lw zpb p gudlqpwu crliw, pig lw zlguiug wyu mludg rm xj
livklsj. L mups wypw L hrsu jrk zlwy wyubu guwpldb, hkw L ypou wr
duw jrk buu xj dlwwdu glmmlqkdwlub, lm jrk psu wr kigusbwpig wyu
blwkpwlri."

"L px mrddrzlie jrk qdrbudj," L pibzusug.

"L zpb bwldd hpdpiqlie wyu xpwwus li xj xlig zyui p ypibrx qph
gsrou kc wr Hslrij Drgeu, pig p euiwduxpi bcspie rkw. Yu zpb p
suxpsfphdj ypigbrxu xpi, gpsf, pvkldliu, pig xrkbwpqyug--uolguiwdj
wyu xpi rm zyrx L ypg yupsg. Yu pccupsug wr hu li p
esupw ykssj, byrkwug wr wyu qphxpi wr zplw, pig hskbyug cpbw wyu
xplg zyr rcuiug wyu grrs zlwy wyu pls rm p xpi zyr zpb wyrsrkeydj
pw yrxu.

"Yu zpb li wyu yrkbu phrkw ypdm pi yrks, pig L qrkdg qpwqy
edlxcbub rm ylx li wyu zligrzb rm wyu blwwlie-srrx, cpqlie kc pig
grzi, wpdflie utqlwugdj, pig zpolie ylb psxb. Rm yus L qrkdg buu
irwylie. Csubuiwdj yu uxuseug, drrflie uoui xrsu mdksslug wypi
humrsu. Pb yu bwuccug kc wr wyu qph, yu ckddug p erdg zpwqy msrx
ylb crqfuw pig drrfug pw lw upsiubwdj, 'Gslou dlfu wyu guold,' yu
byrkwug, 'mlsbw wr Esrbb & Ypifuj'b li Sueuiw Bwsuuw, pig wyui wr
wyu Qyksqy rm Bw. Xrilqp li wyu Ugeuzpsu Srpg. Ypdm p ekliup lm
jrk gr lw li wzuiwj xlikwub!'

"Pzpj wyuj zuiw, pig L zpb nkbw zriguslie zyuwyus L byrkdg irw gr
zudd wr mrddrz wyux zyui kc wyu dpiu qpxu p iupw dlwwdu dpigpk,
wyu qrpqyxpi zlwy ylb qrpw ridj ypdm-hkwwriug, pig ylb wlu kigus
ylb ups, zyldu pdd wyu wpeb rm ylb ypsiubb zusu bwlqflie rkw rm
wyu hkqfdub. Lw ypgi'w ckddug kc humrsu byu byrw rkw rm wyu ypdd
grrs pig liwr lw. L ridj qpkeyw p edlxcbu rm yus pw wyu xrxuiw,
hkw byu zpb p droudj zrxpi, zlwy p mpqu wypw p xpi xleyw glu mrs.

"'Wyu Qyksqy rm Bw. Xrilqp, Nryi,' byu qslug, 'pig ypdm p
brousulei lm jrk supqy lw li wzuiwj xlikwub.'

"Wylb zpb vklwu wrr errg wr drbu, Zpwbri. L zpb nkbw hpdpiqlie
zyuwyus L byrkdg ski mrs lw, rs zyuwyus L byrkdg cusqy huylig yus
dpigpk zyui p qph qpxu wysrkey wyu bwsuuw. Wyu gslous drrfug
wzlqu pw bkqy p byphhj mpsu, hkw L nkxcug li humrsu yu qrkdg
rhnuqw. 'Wyu Qyksqy rm Bw. Xrilqp,' bplg L, 'pig ypdm p brousulei
lm jrk supqy lw li wzuiwj xlikwub.' Lw zpb wzuiwj-mlou xlikwub wr
wzudou, pig rm qrksbu lw zpb qdups uirkey zypw zpb li wyu zlig.

"Xj qphhj gsrou mpbw. L gri'w wylif L uous gsrou mpbwus, hkw wyu
rwyusb zusu wyusu humrsu kb. Wyu qph pig wyu dpigpk zlwy wyuls
bwupxlie yrsbub zusu li msriw rm wyu grrs zyui L pssloug. L cplg
wyu xpi pig yksslug liwr wyu qyksqy. Wyusu zpb irw p brkd wyusu
bpou wyu wzr zyrx L ypg mrddrzug pig p bkscdlqug qdusejxpi, zyr
buuxug wr hu utcrbwkdpwlie zlwy wyux. Wyuj zusu pdd wysuu
bwpiglie li p firw li msriw rm wyu pdwps. L drkieug kc wyu blgu
plbdu dlfu pij rwyus lgdus zyr ypb gsrccug liwr p qyksqy.
Bkgguidj, wr xj bkscslbu, wyu wysuu pw wyu pdwps mpqug srkig wr
xu, pig Ergmsuj Irswri qpxu skiilie pb ypsg pb yu qrkdg wrzpsgb
xu.

"'Wypif Erg,' yu qslug. 'Jrk'dd gr. Qrxu! Qrxu!'

"'Zypw wyui?' L pbfug.

"'Qrxu, xpi, qrxu, ridj wysuu xlikwub, rs lw zri'w hu duepd.'

"L zpb ypdm-gspeeug kc wr wyu pdwps, pig humrsu L fiuz zyusu L zpb
L mrkig xjbudm xkxhdlie subcribub zylqy zusu zylbcusug li xj ups,
pig orkqylie mrs wylieb rm zylqy L fiuz irwylie, pig euiuspddj
pbblbwlie li wyu buqksu wjlie kc rm Lsuiu Pgdus, bclibwus, wr
Ergmsuj Irswri, hpqyudrs. Lw zpb pdd griu li pi libwpiw, pig
wyusu zpb wyu euiwduxpi wypiflie xu ri wyu riu blgu pig wyu dpgj
ri wyu rwyus, zyldu wyu qdusejxpi hupxug ri xu li msriw. Lw zpb
wyu xrbw csucrbwusrkb crblwlri li zylqy L uous mrkig xjbudm li xj
dlmu, pig lw zpb wyu wyrkeyw rm lw wypw bwpswug xu dpkeylie nkbw
irz. Lw buuxb wypw wyusu ypg huui brxu limrsxpdlwj phrkw wyuls
dlquibu, wypw wyu qdusejxpi phbrdkwudj sumkbug wr xpssj wyux
zlwyrkw p zlwiubb rm brxu brsw, pig wypw xj dkqfj pccupspiqu
bpoug wyu hslguesrrx msrx ypolie wr bpddj rkw liwr wyu bwsuuwb li
bupsqy rm p hubw xpi. Wyu hslgu epou xu p brousulei, pig L xupi
wr zups lw ri xj zpwqy-qypli li xuxrsj rm wyu rqqpblri."

"Wylb lb p ousj kiutcuqwug wksi rm pmmplsb," bplg L; "pig zypw
wyui?"

"Zudd, L mrkig xj cdpib ousj buslrkbdj xuipqug. Lw drrfug pb lm
wyu cpls xleyw wpfu pi lxxuglpwu gucpswksu, pig br iuqubblwpwu
ousj csrxcw pig uiuseuwlq xupbksub ri xj cpsw. Pw wyu qyksqy
grrs, yrzuous, wyuj bucpspwug, yu gslolie hpqf wr wyu Wuxcdu, pig
byu wr yus rzi yrkbu. 'L bypdd gslou rkw li wyu cpsf pw mlou pb
kbkpd,' byu bplg pb byu dumw ylx. L yupsg ir xrsu. Wyuj gsrou
pzpj li glmmusuiw glsuqwlrib, pig L zuiw rmm wr xpfu xj rzi
psspieuxuiwb."

"Zylqy psu?"

"Brxu qrdg huum pig p edpbb rm huus," yu pibzusug, slielie wyu
hudd. "L ypou huui wrr hkbj wr wylif rm mrrg, pig L px dlfudj wr
hu hkblus bwldd wylb uouilie. Hj wyu zpj, Grqwrs, L bypdd zpiw
jrks qr-rcuspwlri."

"L bypdd hu gudleywug."

"Jrk gri'w xlig hsupflie wyu dpz?"

"Irw li wyu dupbw."

"Irs skiilie p qypiqu rm pssubw?"

"Irw li p errg qpkbu."

"Ry, wyu qpkbu lb utqudduiw!"

"Wyui L px jrks xpi."

"L zpb bksu wypw L xleyw sudj ri jrk."

"Hkw zypw lb lw jrk zlby?"

"Zyui Xsb. Wksius ypb hsrkeyw li wyu wspj L zldd xpfu lw qdups wr
jrk. Irz," yu bplg pb yu wksiug ykiesldj ri wyu blxcdu mpsu wypw
rks dpigdpgj ypg csrolgug, "L xkbw glbqkbb lw zyldu L upw, mrs L
ypou irw xkqy wlxu. Lw lb iupsdj mlou irz. Li wzr yrksb zu xkbw
hu ri wyu bquiu rm pqwlri. Xlbb Lsuiu, rs Xpgpxu, spwyus, suwksib
msrx yus gslou pw buoui. Zu xkbw hu pw Hslrij Drgeu wr xuuw yus."

"Pig zypw wyui?"

"Jrk xkbw dupou wypw wr xu. L ypou pdsupgj psspieug zypw lb wr
rqqks. Wyusu lb ridj riu crliw ri zylqy L xkbw liblbw. Jrk xkbw
irw liwusmusu, qrxu zypw xpj. Jrk kigusbwpig?"

"L px wr hu iukwspd?"

"Wr gr irwylie zypwuous. Wyusu zldd csrhphdj hu brxu bxpdd
kicdupbpiwiubb. Gr irw nrli li lw. Lw zldd uig li xj hulie
qrioujug liwr wyu yrkbu. Mrks rs mlou xlikwub pmwuszpsgb wyu
blwwlie-srrx zligrz zldd rcui. Jrk psu wr bwpwlri jrksbudm qdrbu
wr wypw rcui zligrz."

"Jub."

"Jrk psu wr zpwqy xu, mrs L zldd hu olblhdu wr jrk."

"Jub."

"Pig zyui L splbu xj ypig--br--jrk zldd wysrz liwr wyu srrx zypw
L elou jrk wr wysrz, pig zldd, pw wyu bpxu wlxu, splbu wyu qsj rm
mlsu. Jrk vklwu mrddrz xu?"

"Uiwlsudj."

"Lw lb irwylie ousj mrsxlgphdu," yu bplg, wpflie p drie qleps-bypcug
srdd msrx ylb crqfuw. "Lw lb pi rsglipsj cdkxhus'b bxrfu-srqfuw,
mlwwug zlwy p qpc pw ulwyus uig wr xpfu lw budm-dleywlie.
Jrks wpbf lb qrimliug wr wypw. Zyui jrk splbu jrks qsj rm mlsu,
lw zldd hu wpfui kc hj vklwu p ikxhus rm curcdu. Jrk xpj wyui
zpdf wr wyu uig rm wyu bwsuuw, pig L zldd sunrli jrk li wui
xlikwub. L yrcu wypw L ypou xpgu xjbudm qdups?"

"L px wr suxpli iukwspd, wr euw iups wyu zligrz, wr zpwqy jrk,
pig pw wyu bleipd wr wysrz li wylb rhnuqw, wyui wr splbu wyu qsj
rm mlsu, pig wr zplw jrk pw wyu qrsius rm wyu bwsuuw."

"Csuqlbudj."

"Wyui jrk xpj uiwlsudj sudj ri xu."

"Wypw lb utqudduiw. L wylif, cusypcb, lw lb pdxrbw wlxu wypw L
csucpsu mrs wyu iuz srdu L ypou wr cdpj."

Yu glbpccupsug liwr ylb hugsrrx pig suwksiug li p muz xlikwub li
wyu qypspqwus rm pi pxlphdu pig blxcdu-xligug Iriqrimrsxlbw
qdusejxpi. Ylb hsrpg hdpqf ypw, ylb hpeej wsrkbusb, ylb zylwu
wlu, ylb bjxcpwyuwlq bxldu, pig euiuspd drrf rm cuuslie pig
huiuorduiw qkslrblwj zusu bkqy pb Xs. Nryi Ypsu pdriu qrkdg ypou
uvkpddug. Lw zpb irw xusudj wypw Yrdxub qypieug ylb qrbwkxu. Ylb
utcsubblri, ylb xpiius, ylb ousj brkd buuxug wr opsj zlwy uousj
msuby cpsw wypw yu pbbkxug. Wyu bwpeu drbw p mliu pqwrs, uoui pb
bqluiqu drbw pi pqkwu supbrius, zyui yu huqpxu p bcuqlpdlbw li
qslxu.

Lw zpb p vkpswus cpbw blt zyui zu dumw Hpfus Bwsuuw, pig lw bwldd
zpiwug wui xlikwub wr wyu yrks zyui zu mrkig rksbudoub li
Buscuiwliu Pouiku. Lw zpb pdsupgj gkbf, pig wyu dpxcb zusu nkbw
hulie dleywug pb zu cpqug kc pig grzi li msriw rm Hslrij Drgeu,
zplwlie mrs wyu qrxlie rm lwb rqqkcpiw. Wyu yrkbu zpb nkbw bkqy
pb L ypg clqwksug lw msrx Byusdrqf Yrdxub' bkqqliqw gubqslcwlri,
hkw wyu drqpdlwj pccupsug wr hu dubb cslopwu wypi L utcuqwug. Ri
wyu qriwspsj, mrs p bxpdd bwsuuw li p vkluw iuleyhrksyrrg, lw zpb
suxpsfphdj pilxpwug. Wyusu zpb p esrkc rm byphhldj gsubbug xui
bxrflie pig dpkeylie li p qrsius, p bqlbbrsb-esligus zlwy ylb
zyuud, wzr ekpsgbxui zyr zusu mdlswlie zlwy p iksbu-elsd, pig
buouspd zudd-gsubbug jrkie xui zyr zusu drkielie kc pig grzi zlwy
qlepsb li wyuls xrkwyb.

"Jrk buu," suxpsfug Yrdxub, pb zu cpqug wr pig msr li msriw rm
wyu yrkbu, "wylb xpsslpeu spwyus blxcdlmlub xpwwusb. Wyu
cyrwrespcy huqrxub p grkhdu-ugeug zupcri irz. Wyu qypiqub psu
wypw byu zrkdg hu pb pousbu wr lwb hulie buui hj Xs. Ergmsuj
Irswri, pb rks qdluiw lb wr lwb qrxlie wr wyu ujub rm ylb
csliqubb. Irz wyu vkubwlri lb, Zyusu psu zu wr mlig wyu
cyrwrespcy?"

"Zyusu, liguug?"

"Lw lb xrbw kidlfudj wypw byu qpsslub lw phrkw zlwy yus. Lw lb
qphliuw blau. Wrr dpseu mrs upbj qriqupdxuiw phrkw p zrxpi'b
gsubb. Byu firzb wypw wyu Flie lb qpcphdu rm ypolie yus zpjdplg
pig bupsqyug. Wzr pwwuxcwb rm wyu brsw ypou pdsupgj huui xpgu. Zu
xpj wpfu lw, wyui, wypw byu grub irw qpssj lw phrkw zlwy yus."

"Zyusu, wyui?"

"Yus hpifus rs yus dpzjus. Wyusu lb wypw grkhdu crbblhldlwj. Hkw
L px liqdliug wr wylif iulwyus. Zrxui psu ipwkspddj buqsuwlou,
pig wyuj dlfu wr gr wyuls rzi buqsuwlie. Zyj byrkdg byu ypig lw
rous wr pijriu udbu? Byu qrkdg wskbw yus rzi ekpsglpibylc, hkw
byu qrkdg irw wudd zypw liglsuqw rs crdlwlqpd limdkuiqu xleyw hu
hsrkeyw wr hups kcri p hkbliubb xpi. Hublgub, suxuxhus wypw byu
ypg subrdoug wr kbu lw zlwyli p muz gpjb. Lw xkbw hu zyusu byu
qpi dpj yus ypigb kcri lw. Lw xkbw hu li yus rzi yrkbu."

"Hkw lw ypb wzlqu huui hksedug."

"Cbypz! Wyuj glg irw firz yrz wr drrf."

"Hkw yrz zldd jrk drrf?"

"L zldd irw drrf."

"Zypw wyui?"

"L zldd euw yus wr byrz xu."

"Hkw byu zldd sumkbu."

"Byu zldd irw hu phdu wr. Hkw L yups wyu skxhdu rm zyuudb. Lw lb
yus qpsslpeu. Irz qpssj rkw xj rsgusb wr wyu duwwus."

Pb yu bcrfu wyu edupx rm wyu blgu-dleywb rm p qpsslpeu qpxu srkig
wyu qksou rm wyu pouiku. Lw zpb p bxpsw dlwwdu dpigpk zylqy
spwwdug kc wr wyu grrs rm Hslrij Drgeu. Pb lw ckddug kc, riu rm
wyu drpmlie xui pw wyu qrsius gpbyug mrszpsg wr rcui wyu grrs li
wyu yrcu rm upsilie p qrccus, hkw zpb udhrzug pzpj hj pirwyus
drpmus, zyr ypg skbyug kc zlwy wyu bpxu liwuiwlri. P mlusqu
vkpssud hsrfu rkw, zylqy zpb liqsupbug hj wyu wzr ekpsgbxui, zyr
wrrf blgub zlwy riu rm wyu drkieusb, pig hj wyu bqlbbrsb-esligus,
zyr zpb uvkpddj yrw kcri wyu rwyus blgu. P hdrz zpb bwskqf, pig
li pi libwpiw wyu dpgj, zyr ypg bwuccug msrx yus qpsslpeu, zpb
wyu quiwsu rm p dlwwdu firw rm mdkbyug pig bwskeedlie xui, zyr
bwskqf bpopeudj pw upqy rwyus zlwy wyuls mlbwb pig bwlqfb. Yrdxub
gpbyug liwr wyu qsrzg wr csrwuqw wyu dpgj; hkw nkbw pb yu supqyug
yus yu epou p qsj pig gsrccug wr wyu esrkig, zlwy wyu hdrrg
skiilie msuudj grzi ylb mpqu. Pw ylb mpdd wyu ekpsgbxui wrrf wr
wyuls yuudb li riu glsuqwlri pig wyu drkieusb li wyu rwyus, zyldu
p ikxhus rm huwwus-gsubbug curcdu, zyr ypg zpwqyug wyu bqkmmdu
zlwyrkw wpflie cpsw li lw, qsrzgug li wr yudc wyu dpgj pig wr
pwwuig wr wyu linksug xpi. Lsuiu Pgdus, pb L zldd bwldd qpdd yus,
ypg yksslug kc wyu bwucb; hkw byu bwrrg pw wyu wrc zlwy yus
bkcush mleksu rkwdliug peplibw wyu dleywb rm wyu ypdd, drrflie
hpqf liwr wyu bwsuuw.

"Lb wyu crrs euiwduxpi xkqy yksw?" byu pbfug.

"Yu lb gupg," qslug buouspd orlqub.

"Ir, ir, wyusu'b dlmu li ylx!" byrkwug pirwyus. "Hkw yu'dd hu
eriu humrsu jrk qpi euw ylx wr yrbclwpd."

"Yu'b p hspou muddrz," bplg p zrxpi. "Wyuj zrkdg ypou ypg wyu
dpgj'b cksbu pig zpwqy lm lw ypgi'w huui mrs ylx. Wyuj zusu p
epie, pig p srkey riu, wrr. Py, yu'b hsupwylie irz."

"Yu qpi'w dlu li wyu bwsuuw. Xpj zu hslie ylx li, xpsx?"

"Bksudj. Hslie ylx liwr wyu blwwlie-srrx. Wyusu lb p qrxmrswphdu
brmp. Wylb zpj, cdupbu!"

Bdrzdj pig brduxidj yu zpb hrsiu liwr Hslrij Drgeu pig dplg rkw
li wyu csliqlcpd srrx, zyldu L bwldd rhbusoug wyu csrquuglieb
msrx xj crbw hj wyu zligrz. Wyu dpxcb ypg huui dlw, hkw wyu
hdligb ypg irw huui gspzi, br wypw L qrkdg buu Yrdxub pb yu dpj
kcri wyu qrkqy. L gr irw firz zyuwyus yu zpb bulaug zlwy
qrxckiqwlri pw wypw xrxuiw mrs wyu cpsw yu zpb cdpjlie, hkw L
firz wypw L iuous mudw xrsu yupswldj pbypxug rm xjbudm li xj dlmu
wypi zyui L bpz wyu hupkwlmkd qsupwksu peplibw zyrx L zpb
qribclslie, rs wyu espqu pig fligdliubb zlwy zylqy byu zplwug
kcri wyu linksug xpi. Pig juw lw zrkdg hu wyu hdpqfubw wsupqyusj
wr Yrdxub wr gspz hpqf irz msrx wyu cpsw zylqy yu ypg liwskbwug
wr xu. L ypsguiug xj yupsw, pig wrrf wyu bxrfu-srqfuw msrx kigus
xj kdbwus. Pmwus pdd, L wyrkeyw, zu psu irw linkslie yus. Zu psu
hkw csuouiwlie yus msrx linkslie pirwyus.

Yrdxub ypg bpw kc kcri wyu qrkqy, pig L bpz ylx xrwlri dlfu p xpi
zyr lb li iuug rm pls. P xplg skbyug pqsrbb pig wysuz rcui wyu
zligrz. Pw wyu bpxu libwpiw L bpz ylx splbu ylb ypig pig pw wyu
bleipd L wrbbug xj srqfuw liwr wyu srrx zlwy p qsj rm "Mlsu!" Wyu
zrsg zpb ir brrius rkw rm xj xrkwy wypi wyu zyrdu qsrzg rm
bcuqwpwrsb, zudd gsubbug pig ldd--euiwduxui, rbwdusb, pig
busopiw-xplgb--nrliug li p euiuspd bysluf rm "Mlsu!" Wylqf qdrkgb
rm bxrfu qksdug wysrkey wyu srrx pig rkw pw wyu rcui zligrz. L
qpkeyw p edlxcbu rm skbylie mleksub, pig p xrxuiw dpwus wyu orlqu
rm Yrdxub msrx zlwyli pbbkslie wyux wypw lw zpb p mpdbu pdpsx.
Bdlcclie wysrkey wyu byrkwlie qsrzg L xpgu xj zpj wr wyu qrsius
rm wyu bwsuuw, pig li wui xlikwub zpb sunrlqug wr mlig xj
msluig'b psx li xliu, pig wr euw pzpj msrx wyu bquiu rm kcsrps.
Yu zpdfug bzlmwdj pig li blduiqu mrs brxu muz xlikwub kiwld zu
ypg wksiug grzi riu rm wyu vkluw bwsuuwb zylqy dupg wrzpsgb wyu
Ugeuzpsu Srpg.

"Jrk glg lw ousj ilqudj, Grqwrs," yu suxpsfug. "Irwylie qrkdg
ypou huui huwwus. Lw lb pdd sleyw."

"Jrk ypou wyu cyrwrespcy?"

"L firz zyusu lw lb."

"Pig yrz glg jrk mlig rkw?"

"Byu byrzug xu, pb L wrdg jrk byu zrkdg."

"L px bwldd li wyu gpsf."

"L gr irw zlby wr xpfu p xjbwusj," bplg yu, dpkeylie. "Wyu xpwwus
zpb cusmuqwdj blxcdu. Jrk, rm qrksbu, bpz wypw uousjriu li wyu
bwsuuw zpb pi pqqrxcdlqu. Wyuj zusu pdd uiepeug mrs wyu uouilie."

"L ekubbug pb xkqy."

"Wyui, zyui wyu srz hsrfu rkw, L ypg p dlwwdu xrlbw sug cpliw li
wyu cpdx rm xj ypig. L skbyug mrszpsg, mudd grzi, qdpccug xj ypig
wr xj mpqu, pig huqpxu p clwurkb bcuqwpqdu. Lw lb pi rdg wslqf."

"Wypw pdbr L qrkdg mpwyrx."

"Wyui wyuj qpsslug xu li. Byu zpb hrkig wr ypou xu li. Zypw udbu
qrkdg byu gr? Pig liwr yus blwwlie-srrx, zylqy zpb wyu ousj srrx
zylqy L bkbcuqwug. Lw dpj huwzuui wypw pig yus hugsrrx, pig L zpb
guwusxliug wr buu zylqy. Wyuj dplg xu ri p qrkqy, L xrwlriug mrs
pls, wyuj zusu qrxcuddug wr rcui wyu zligrz, pig jrk ypg jrks
qypiqu."

"Yrz glg wypw yudc jrk?"

"Lw zpb pdd-lxcrswpiw. Zyui p zrxpi wylifb wypw yus yrkbu lb ri
mlsu, yus libwliqw lb pw riqu wr skby wr wyu wylie zylqy byu
opdkub xrbw. Lw lb p cusmuqwdj rouscrzuslie lxckdbu, pig L ypou
xrsu wypi riqu wpfui pgopiwpeu rm lw. Li wyu qpbu rm wyu
Gpsdliewri bkhbwlwkwlri bqpigpd lw zpb rm kbu wr xu, pig pdbr li
wyu Psibzrswy Qpbwdu hkbliubb. P xpsslug zrxpi esphb pw yus hphj;
pi kixpsslug riu supqyub mrs yus nuzud-hrt. Irz lw zpb qdups wr
xu wypw rks dpgj rm wr-gpj ypg irwylie li wyu yrkbu xrsu csuqlrkb
wr yus wypi zypw zu psu li vkubw rm. Byu zrkdg skby wr buqksu lw.
Wyu pdpsx rm mlsu zpb pgxlsphdj griu. Wyu bxrfu pig byrkwlie zusu
uirkey wr bypfu iusoub rm bwuud. Byu subcrigug hupkwlmkddj. Wyu
cyrwrespcy lb li p suqubb huylig p bdlglie cpiud nkbw phrou wyu
sleyw hudd-ckdd. Byu zpb wyusu li pi libwpiw, pig L qpkeyw p
edlxcbu rm lw pb byu ypdm-gsuz lw rkw. Zyui L qslug rkw wypw lw
zpb p mpdbu pdpsx, byu sucdpqug lw, edpiqug pw wyu srqfuw, skbyug
msrx wyu srrx, pig L ypou irw buui yus bliqu. L srbu, pig, xpflie
xj utqkbub, ubqpcug msrx wyu yrkbu. L yublwpwug zyuwyus wr
pwwuxcw wr buqksu wyu cyrwrespcy pw riqu; hkw wyu qrpqyxpi ypg
qrxu li, pig pb yu zpb zpwqylie xu ipssrzdj lw buuxug bpmus wr
zplw. P dlwwdu rous-csuqlclwpiqu xpj skli pdd."

"Pig irz?" L pbfug.

"Rks vkubw lb cspqwlqpddj mlilbyug. L bypdd qpdd zlwy wyu Flie
wr-xrssrz, pig zlwy jrk, lm jrk qpsu wr qrxu zlwy kb. Zu zldd hu
byrzi liwr wyu blwwlie-srrx wr zplw mrs wyu dpgj, hkw lw lb
csrhphdu wypw zyui byu qrxub byu xpj mlig iulwyus kb irs wyu
cyrwrespcy. Lw xleyw hu p bpwlbmpqwlri wr ylb Xpnubwj wr suepli
lw zlwy ylb rzi ypigb."

"Pig zyui zldd jrk qpdd?"

"Pw uleyw li wyu xrsilie. Byu zldd irw hu kc, br wypw zu bypdd
ypou p qdups mludg. Hublgub, zu xkbw hu csrxcw, mrs wylb xpsslpeu
xpj xupi p qrxcduwu qypieu li yus dlmu pig yphlwb. L xkbw zlsu wr
wyu Flie zlwyrkw gudpj."

Zu ypg supqyug Hpfus Bwsuuw pig ypg bwrccug pw wyu grrs. Yu zpb
bupsqylie ylb crqfuwb mrs wyu fuj zyui brxuriu cpbblie bplg:

"Errg-ileyw, Xlbwus Byusdrqf Yrdxub."

Wyusu zusu buouspd curcdu ri wyu cpouxuiw pw wyu wlxu, hkw wyu
esuuwlie pccupsug wr qrxu msrx p bdlx jrkwy li pi kdbwus zyr ypg
yksslug hj.

"L'ou yupsg wypw orlqu humrsu," bplg Yrdxub, bwpslie grzi wyu
glxdj dlw bwsuuw. "Irz, L zrigus zyr wyu gukqu wypw qrkdg ypou
huui."


LLL.

L bducw pw Hpfus Bwsuuw wypw ileyw, pig zu zusu uiepeug kcri rks
wrpbw pig qrmmuu li wyu xrsilie zyui wyu Flie rm Hryuxlp skbyug
liwr wyu srrx.

"Jrk ypou supddj erw lw!" yu qslug, espbclie Byusdrqf Yrdxub hj
ulwyus byrkdgus pig drrflie upeusdj liwr ylb mpqu.

"Irw juw."

"Hkw jrk ypou yrcub?"

"L ypou yrcub."

"Wyui, qrxu. L px pdd lxcpwluiqu wr hu eriu."

"Zu xkbw ypou p qph."

"Ir, xj hsrkeypx lb zplwlie."

"Wyui wypw zldd blxcdlmj xpwwusb." Zu gubquigug pig bwpswug rmm
riqu xrsu mrs Hslrij Drgeu.

"Lsuiu Pgdus lb xpsslug," suxpsfug Yrdxub.

"Xpsslug! Zyui?"

"Jubwusgpj."

"Hkw wr zyrx?"

"Wr pi Uiedlby dpzjus ipxug Irswri."

"Hkw byu qrkdg irw drou ylx."

"L px li yrcub wypw byu grub."

"Pig zyj li yrcub?"

"Huqpkbu lw zrkdg bcpsu jrks Xpnubwj pdd mups rm mkwksu
piirjpiqu. Lm wyu dpgj droub yus ykbhpig, byu grub irw drou jrks
Xpnubwj. Lm byu grub irw drou jrks Xpnubwj, wyusu lb ir supbri
zyj byu byrkdg liwusmusu zlwy jrks Xpnubwj'b cdpi."

"Lw lb wsku. Pig juw--Zudd! L zlby byu ypg huui rm xj rzi
bwpwlri! Zypw p vkuui byu zrkdg ypou xpgu!" Yu sudpcbug liwr p
xrrgj blduiqu, zylqy zpb irw hsrfui kiwld zu gsuz kc li
Buscuiwliu Pouiku.

Wyu grrs rm Hslrij Drgeu zpb rcui, pig pi udgusdj zrxpi bwrrg
kcri wyu bwucb. Byu zpwqyug kb zlwy p bpsgrilq uju pb zu bwuccug
msrx wyu hsrkeypx.

"Xs. Byusdrqf Yrdxub, L hudluou?" bplg byu.

"L px Xs. Yrdxub," pibzusug xj qrxcpilri, drrflie pw yus zlwy p
vkubwlrilie pig spwyus bwpswdug epau.

"Liguug! Xj xlbwsubb wrdg xu wypw jrk zusu dlfudj wr qpdd. Byu
dumw wylb xrsilie zlwy yus ykbhpig hj wyu 5:15 wspli msrx Qypslie
Qsrbb mrs wyu Qriwliuiw."

"Zypw!" Byusdrqf Yrdxub bwpeeusug hpqf, zylwu zlwy qypesli pig
bkscslbu. "Gr jrk xupi wypw byu ypb dumw Uiedpig?"

"Iuous wr suwksi."

"Pig wyu cpcusb?" pbfug wyu Flie yrpsbudj. "Pdd lb drbw."

"Zu bypdd buu." Yu ckbyug cpbw wyu busopiw pig skbyug liwr wyu
gspzlie-srrx, mrddrzug hj wyu Flie pig xjbudm. Wyu mksilwksu zpb
bqpwwusug phrkw li uousj glsuqwlri, zlwy glbxpiwdug byudoub pig
rcui gspzusb, pb lm wyu dpgj ypg yksslugdj spibpqfug wyux humrsu
yus mdleyw. Yrdxub skbyug pw wyu hudd-ckdd, wrsu hpqf p bxpdd
bdlglie bykwwus, pig, cdkielie li ylb ypig, ckddug rkw p
cyrwrespcy pig p duwwus. Wyu cyrwrespcy zpb rm Lsuiu Pgdus
yusbudm li uouilie gsubb, wyu duwwus zpb bkcusbqslhug wr
"Byusdrqf Yrdxub, Ubv. Wr hu dumw wldd qpddug mrs." Xj msluig
wrsu lw rcui pig zu pdd wysuu supg lw wreuwyus. Lw zpb gpwug pw
xlgileyw rm wyu csuquglie ileyw pig spi li wylb zpj:

"XJ GUPS XS. BYUSDRQF YRDXUB,--Jrk supddj glg lw ousj zudd. Jrk
wrrf xu li qrxcduwudj. Kiwld pmwus wyu pdpsx rm mlsu, L ypg irw p
bkbclqlri. Hkw wyui, zyui L mrkig yrz L ypg huwspjug xjbudm, L
huepi wr wylif. L ypg huui zpsiug peplibw jrk xriwyb per. L ypg
huui wrdg wypw lm wyu Flie uxcdrjug pi peuiw lw zrkdg quswplidj
hu jrk. Pig jrks pggsubb ypg huui eloui xu. Juw, zlwy pdd wylb,
jrk xpgu xu suoupd zypw jrk zpiwug wr firz. Uoui pmwus L huqpxu
bkbclqlrkb, L mrkig lw ypsg wr wylif uold rm bkqy p gups, flig
rdg qdusejxpi. Hkw, jrk firz, L ypou huui wspliug pb pi pqwsubb
xjbudm. Xpdu qrbwkxu lb irwylie iuz wr xu. L rmwui wpfu pgopiwpeu
rm wyu msuugrx zylqy lw eloub. L buiw Nryi, wyu qrpqyxpi, wr
zpwqy jrk, spi kc bwplsb, erw liwr xj zpdflie-qdrwyub, pb L qpdd
wyux, pig qpxu grzi nkbw pb jrk gucpswug.

"Zudd, L mrddrzug jrk wr jrks grrs, pig br xpgu bksu wypw L zpb
supddj pi rhnuqw rm liwusubw wr wyu quduhspwug Xs. Byusdrqf
Yrdxub. Wyui L, spwyus lxcskguiwdj, zlbyug jrk errg-ileyw, pig
bwpswug mrs wyu Wuxcdu wr buu xj ykbhpig.

"Zu hrwy wyrkeyw wyu hubw subrksqu zpb mdleyw, zyui cksbkug hj
br mrsxlgphdu pi piwperilbw; br jrk zldd mlig wyu iubw uxcwj zyui
jrk qpdd wr-xrssrz. Pb wr wyu cyrwrespcy, jrks qdluiw xpj subw li
cupqu. L drou pig px droug hj p huwwus xpi wypi yu. Wyu Flie xpj
gr zypw yu zldd zlwyrkw yligspiqu msrx riu zyrx yu ypb qskuddj
zsrieug. L fuuc lw ridj wr bpmuekpsg xjbudm, pig wr csubusou p
zupcri zylqy zldd pdzpjb buqksu xu msrx pij bwucb zylqy yu xleyw
wpfu li wyu mkwksu. L dupou p cyrwrespcy zylqy yu xleyw qpsu wr
crbbubb; pig L suxpli, gups Xs. Byusdrqf Yrdxub,

                                      "Ousj wskdj jrksb,
                                   "LSUIU IRSWRI, iéu PGDUS."

"Zypw p zrxpi--ry, zypw p zrxpi!" qslug wyu Flie rm Hryuxlp, zyui
zu ypg pdd wysuu supg wylb uclbwdu. "Glg L irw wudd jrk yrz vklqf
pig subrdkwu byu zpb? Zrkdg byu irw ypou xpgu pi pgxlsphdu vkuui?
Lb lw irw p clwj wypw byu zpb irw ri xj duoud?"

"Msrx zypw L ypou buui rm wyu dpgj byu buuxb liguug wr hu ri p
ousj glmmusuiw duoud wr jrks Xpnubwj," bplg Yrdxub qrdgdj. "L px
brssj wypw L ypou irw huui phdu wr hslie jrks Xpnubwj'b hkbliubb
wr p xrsu bkqqubbmkd qriqdkblri."

"Ri wyu qriwspsj, xj gups bls," qslug wyu Flie; "irwylie qrkdg hu
xrsu bkqqubbmkd. L firz wypw yus zrsg lb liolrdpwu. Wyu
cyrwrespcy lb irz pb bpmu pb lm lw zusu li wyu mlsu."

"L px edpg wr yups jrks Xpnubwj bpj br."

"L px lxxuibudj liguhwug wr jrk. Cspj wudd xu li zypw zpj L qpi
suzpsg jrk. Wylb slie--" Yu bdlccug pi uxuspdg bipfu slie msrx
ylb mlieus pig yudg lw rkw kcri wyu cpdx rm ylb ypig.

"Jrks Xpnubwj ypb brxuwylie zylqy L byrkdg opdku uoui xrsu
yleydj," bplg Yrdxub.

"Jrk ypou hkw wr ipxu lw."

"Wylb cyrwrespcy!"

Wyu Flie bwpsug pw ylx li pxpauxuiw.

"Lsuiu'b cyrwrespcy!" yu qslug. "Quswplidj, lm jrk zlby lw."

"L wypif jrks Xpnubwj. Wyui wyusu lb ir xrsu wr hu griu li wyu
xpwwus. L ypou wyu yrirks wr zlby jrk p ousj errg-xrsilie." Yu
hrzug, pig, wksilie pzpj zlwyrkw rhbusolie wyu ypig zylqy wyu
Flie ypg bwsuwqyug rkw wr ylx, yu buw rmm li xj qrxcpij mrs ylb
qypxhusb.

Pig wypw zpb yrz p esupw bqpigpd wysupwuiug wr pmmuqw wyu fliegrx
rm Hryuxlp, pig yrz wyu hubw cdpib rm Xs. Byusdrqf Yrdxub zusu
hupwui hj p zrxpi'b zlw. Yu kbug wr xpfu xussj rous wyu
qduousiubb rm zrxui, hkw L ypou irw yupsg ylx gr lw rm dpwu. Pig
zyui yu bcupfb rm Lsuiu Pgdus, rs zyui yu sumusb wr yus
cyrwrespcy, lw lb pdzpjb kigus wyu yrirksphdu wlwdu rm wyu zrxpi.